VERSION HISTORY

LEGEND
actions
	added	- An added feature
	remov	- A removed feature
	fixed	- id of issue - A known issue that's been fixed
	issue	- id of issue - A known issue that's been logged 
		(an * before the id of the issue means part of the solution has been completed
		 and the description of the issue will state what was done)
features
	ui		- user interface element
	core	- core application element
	media	- media resource

NOTES ABOUT THIS VERSION:
	Google.Apis.Sheets.v4 and related libraries are required and included with this project.
	This application will not log to google sheets without a valid client_secret.json file in the 
	exe directory. A client_secret.json is not included in this source code so one must be obtained 
	from google for this application to fully function. 
	https://developers.google.com/sheets/api/quickstart/go

	The current state of the application is usable with local logging but google sheets logging
	is not managed properly and will have a new entry for each time the log is updated.

	The local log files added to this version store an entry for each logname/projectname/description
	profile. The program uses a local log file to store data. On start it reads an existing log file to search
	for entries that are dated with the current date and loads them to memory. While running the program 
	modifies entries that were loaded. The log file is rewritten at each log time tick as well as when
	the active sheet is changed or the program is closed.

	New Entries are written to the top of the local log creating log files that are in 
	reverse-chronological order. While the program is running it creates a temp file each time the 
	internal timer ticks in order to recover current session data in the event of a crash. 

v0.0.1.0 - User Preferences and Local Logging
	fixed ui - changed ui style to bar shaped instead of a box shaped
	fixed ui - smaller button images for new layout
	added ui - dialog to set log profile information
	added media - 16x16 and 32x32 icons to add to use in the notification tray
	added core - class to handle writing and loading local log file
	added core - support for multiple log profiles
	added core - class to handle writing and loading user preferences
	added core - Write log information to a local log file
	added core - Write this session's log data to a temp file

v0.0.0.0 - Initial Commit
	added ui - Basic concept for main ui
	added ui - Temporary form to input google sheets data
	added core - Global InputHook for background mouse and keyboard activity detection
	added core - Application flow and state management
	added core - Simple time tracking
	added core - Google.Apis.Sheets.v4 and related libraries
	added core - Ability to create batch requests, read from sheets and write to sheets
	added core - Ability to create various types of requests
	added core - Ability to create a new tab in a sheets doc and add a title bar
	added core - Ability to append a row of cells containing data to a sheets doc
	added core - Create rowdata to be sent to google sheets
